Xenia v1.7 was released today. There are some major and minor additions and fixes.

## Additions
- Add `/tf2 currency` command
- Add ability to export as gif for the following commands
  1. `/speechbubble`
  2. `/caption`
- The following things will now also be stored in the cache for historical tracking
  - `User`
    - This tracks a users; username, profile bio, profile picture, banner, pronouns, and account flags.
    - This is by default an opt-in feature. You can opt out via your [preferences on the dashboard](https://xb.kate.pet/Preferences).
  - `VoiceState`
    - This tracks when a user joins/leaves a channel and when they start/stop streaming or sharing their camera.
  - `GuildMember`
    - This includes what roles a member has, their nickname, and guild-specific profile/banner.
  - `Guild`
    - This tracks details about the guild; name, description, picture, roles, categories, etc...
- Add ability to create goodbye messages for the greeter when a member leaves or is kicked/banned from the guild.
  - Currently, greeter and goodbye messages can only be edited/created from [the Dashboard](https://xb.kate.pet).
- The Channel Edit event has started to have more functionality. The following things that get changes will be tracked;
  - Name
  - Is NSFW
  - Description/Topic
  - Bitrate
  - Member Limit
  - Quality
  - Voice Region


## Fixes
- Fixed commands that require owner, but didn't work with Discord Application Teams
- Fix some message edit events not working because of CacheMessageReference not checking for null fields.
- The `UserVoiceStateUpdated` event will now display what user this is in regards to.