Xenia for Discord v1.4 was released today, with some small changes and a new feature.

# tl;dr
Xenia Dashboard Beta is now publicly available. You can check it out at [xb.kate.pet](https://xb.kate.pet) or click on the "Dashboard" link in the navbar.


# Dashboard features

In the new Xenia Dashboard *Beta* you have the ability to bulk-configure settings instead of requiring to run individual commands which can become tedious.

Currently the following features have been ported;
- Moderation
  - Ban Sync
    - Request Ban Sync
    - Set Logging Channel
  - Logging
    - Set all supported Log channel events.
- Fun
  - Counting
    - Set designated channel
  - Level System
    - **New Feature** Toggle usage of Level System.
    - Toggle "Level Up" notification suppression.
    - Set "Level Up"notification channel.
    
# Additions
- Level System
  - You can now fully disable the Level System with the `/xp enable` or `/xp disable` commands.
  - If you wish to change the visibility of the "Level Up" notifications, you must use the `/xp silence` command instead of using the enable/disable command since it has been repurposed.
- Ban Sync
  - The state for your server (weather it's enabled/disabled) is now tracked for administrative purposes. This will be available for server admins in a future update.

## Fixes
- When using the owner-only command `/bansync setguildstate`, I forgot to actually set the state and the `Enable` field in `BanSyncController`. This has now been fixed so servers can actually get approved for the BanSync feature now.

# Notes for Contributors
In this update, there has been a major restructure of the codebase to support the new Dashboard.

All models that are used with MongoDB/BaseConfigController have been moved to the new `XeniaBot.Data` library. This is to make usage of the configuration of modules easier to implement and maintain in the future with the Dashboard and Bot both in mind.

`DiscordController` and `PrometheusController` have been moved to `XeniaBot.Shared` and anything reflection-related. This is because the Dashboard uses it as it's core functionality to actually modify a guild's config.

There have been 2 new fields added to `ConfigData` which gives the Dashboard the ability to use Discord's OAuth feature. `OAuth_ClientId` and `OAuth_ClientSecret` are the new fields. Both of these new fields are documented in an updated `README.md` file which is still located in the root location of the repository.

The new Dashboard and the Bot are both available as a containers at `ktwrd/xenia-discord-dash` and `ktwrd/xenia-discord` respectively. An example `docker-compose.yml` is also provided in the repository, which you can find [here](https://github.com/ktwrd/XeniaBot/blob/main/docker-compose.example.yml).

# Important Disclaimer
The Xenia Dashboard is still in beta, and anything is subject to change with or without notice. I will try my best to give notice to major/breaking changes but I may forget, and if I do, please call me out on it.

If you require any support or want to learn more, feel free to [join our discord server](https://r.kate.pet) and make a post in the [xenia-support](https://discord.com/channels/832410110960730112/1140625914464571432) channel.